How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    The two files can be viewed side by side helping to identify any differences
    or typos that may have been introduces. View one document at a time will be
    very tedious work.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    In the long term one can see how programming languages versions and
    code style have been changing over time.For instance one can easily if a
    particular coding is suitable for Python 2.7 or 3.6 versions.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros of manual commits is the coder decides the appropriate time and file
    size or code to commit. This can avoid too many and unnecessary commits. The
    cons are that one may loose valuable information when the commits are done
    at long time intervals. Sudden machine or some type of failures can also
    occur leading to lost of edits already completed. automatic savers are
    good to ensure that edits are saved before something else happens but The
    number of commits may be too many when working on a big or large project.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    So that the changes in the multi files can be tracked together> is important
    especially when the files depend on each other to function correctly.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git logs shows all the commits history while dig diff shows the additions
    and deletions between any two commits.

    How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
